welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the last days on mars
[Music]
in the 2040s a martian research base
tantalus based outpost is established
the eight-person crew
who have been stationed there for six
months is only 19 hours from the
completion of their research mission
the spacecraft aurora is inbound from
earth and will collect the team bylander
mars scientist marco petrovic has found
samples that point to life
on the planet without revealing his
discovery
he devises a ruse for a last diva on the
surface
crewmate richard harrington drives
petrovic in a solar-powered rover to the
spot where he had found the sample
after he obtains soil with the
biological agent present
petrovic falls into a fissure that
suddenly opens it is it is captain
charles brunell and crewmate lauren
dalby plan
to explore the pit to retrieve
petrovic's body
dalby remains at the pit but disappears
before the team can return with
equipment
brunel authorizes vincent campbell to
explore the pit and he finds that a
fungal organism is present in the
fissure
dolphy and petrovic reappear at the main
outpost
but exposure to the organism has altered
them into fast
aggressive intelligent zombie-like
creatures with blackened skin
and no trace of their original
personalities
harrington dies from a power drill
attack by one of the zombies and later
revives as one himself
the remaining crew hold off the zombies
while brunel and campbell return
brunel is also fatally injured and
reanimates
which provides the crew with new insight
into the symptoms
thirst memory loss and aggression
after several fights and escapes from
the zombies through the habitat modules
mission psychologist robert irwin
trapped scientist kim
aldrich who had often infuriated her
crewmates
rebecca lane is also stabbed in the leg
during the frantic escape to a rover
with their rover's power low the
survivors
campbell erwin and lane decide they must
get to the other rover
which is still at the site of the
fissure
under the pretense of a scouting
operation erwin steals the second rover
and fails to persuade campbell to
abandon
lane who he states as infected
erwin meanwhile conceals evidence of his
possible infection
while campbell and lane wait for the sun
to rise in the solar powered batteries
to recharge
they discuss the nature of the zombies
and lane questions whether any human
consciousness remains trapped in them
campbell attempts to comfort her and
falls asleep
when he wakes up alone campbell realizes
that lane has fled
into the desert and he chases her
lane who knows she is likely to turn
fails to deter
campbell from following her and in
desperation commits suicide by removing
her helmet
after she dies lane reanimates and begs
campbell to destroy her campbell
reluctantly complies by bashing her head
in with a rock
campbell and irwin separately converge
on the aurora lander
where the reanimated aldrich kills the
lander's crew
petrovic and the other zombies appear
desiccated and inert
an infected irwin initiates a launch
which takes him and campbell into orbit
campbell stuns irwin and ejects the body
and virulent blood droplets into the
vacuum of space
in a message to mission control campbell
says he does not have enough fuel for a
rendezvous but supplies a board can last
for months if they want to launch a
rescue
he tells them that this might not be
advisable as he could be infected
if so he has just enough fuel for
re-entry and a fast death
campbell concludes that it will take 15
minutes for the transmission to be
received and will await their reply
he subsequently ends the communication
still floating alone in space
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos